Give it to him
Hey, thank you, Mr. Gao
You're such a nice guy, oh yeah
Don't worry about my brother's land
Otherwise, no more, no more.
Let's go Xiaofang
Let's go have a drink
What are you still doing?
Take me to the hospital
The pain is killing me.
Who the hell are you?
Oh, dear.
Captain enters one
Long time no see. Hmm.
Captain, why did you come to Binhai?
Injured and discharged
You are Captain Seven Dragons
Even you are discharged
Can't tell him I'm investigating the murderer
So as not to cause trouble to Shao Feng
Didn't you also leave the army?
We can't carry guns all our lives, can we?
I really had no choice but to leave the army
Yes!
If you hadn't saved that girl bravely
Beat the second son of the Zhao family in Kyoto to a cripple
You wouldn't be like this now
If you hadn't saved me back then
My life
Long gone
We seem powerful in the eyes of others
But back to life
There are also all kinds of helplessness
The firewood, rice, oil, salt, sauce, vinegar and tea in this life
Which one was hit with a fist?
This is life, Captain
Oh yes captain
Why do you work at Sun's Group?